h1. hxSerial

*hxSerial* is a library for serial communication in "haXe":http://haxe.org (C++/Neko target). It is based on ofSerial in "OpenFrameworks":http://www.openframeworks.cc/.

This is a fork of "andyLi/hxSerial":http://github.com/andyli/hxSerial

h2. Download and Install

The most easy and proper way is from haxelib:

@haxelib install hxSerial@

Or you can download/checkout the source from "the github repo":http://github.com/AlexHaxe/hxSerial.


h2. How to use

Create a @Serial@ object, given its device name and speed(in bits per second, ie.baud):

@var serialObj = new hxSerial.Serial("/dev/tty.usbserial-A4001tkb",9600);@

The device name above is something you will get in Mac. For Windows, it should be something like "COM7". For Linux(Ubuntu), it should be similar to "/dev/ttyUSB0".

You can check the device names by @trace(hxSerial.Serial.getDeviceList())@.

You can then read/write to the device using the readByte(s)/writeByte(s) method.

*Note that you must read from the serial after setup. If the serial input is accumulated for too long, it will slow down the whole system.*

h3. Writing

For writing, @writeByte()@ returns @true@ if the operation is successful. @writeBytes()@ returns the number of bytes it writes.

h3. Reading

For reading, you first check the number of bytes arrived by calling @available()@. If the amount of bytes you needed is enough, call @readByte()@ to get a single byte as @Int@ or call @readBytes()@ to get multiple bytes as @String@.

h2. change log

h3. version 0.1.1

Fixed memory leak and added Neko support.

h3. version 0.1.0

First release. Supports Windows/Mac/Linux.
